{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25020\viewh18260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Located in the Bonfim neighborhood, a dynamic area in artistic culture, the 2regards atelier gallery regularly hosts art exhibitions.\'a0\
\
The exhibitions are open every day with free admission.\
\
1 - Mathilde Cudeville & Paulo Bastos / Sentiment oc\'e9anique\
\'ab Homme libre toujours tu ch\'e9riras la mer\'bb Baudelaire\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Today in 2022, in an ecological context whose challenges still elude our perception and surpass our human scale of space and time. The transformation of the oceans in the face of climate change and the collapse of biodiversity poses a real challenge, both for taking action and for becoming aware of a sometimes elusive process.\
Therefore, we wanted to photograph and film these oceans with restraint. This series aims to question the future of the oceans while introspectively reflecting on oneself. As we contemplate the sea, ever-ambiguous with its passages, uncertainties, reliefs, rumblings, aims, and transformations, a unique and challenging-to-describe feeling overwhelms me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 According to Romain Rolland, a French writer, it could be described as an "oceanic feeling." An emotion close to ecstasy that allows one to identify with the system in its vastness in order to feel the whole. By photographing and filming the ocean, we seek to engage the viewer, prompting them to question until they pay new and special attention to nature as a whole.\
\
2- Marcia Lu\'e7as\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Inspired by this citation \'93Se eu vir aquela \'e1rvore como toda a gente v\'ea,\
N\'e3o tenho nada a dizer sobre aquela \'e1rvore\'94 \cb1 "If I see that tree as everyone else sees it, I have nothing to say about that tree."\cb3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Excerpt from "If I see that tree as everyone else sees it, I have nothing to say about that tree. I did not see that tree.\
It is when the tree triggers in me a connected series of emotions that I see it differently and justly. And to the extent that these ideas and emotions are acceptable to everyone, not just individual, the tree will be THE Tree."\cb3 \
\
\cb1 3- Mariana Baldaia / PEDOME\
\
Pedome is an exhibition featuring works that Mariana Baldaia created during the times of the pandemic, intertwined with motherhood.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4- In\'eas Sousa Cardoso / DIVERSIDADE\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 All the personal work of @ines.sousacardoso.peres has always embraced diversity, the culture of ancestral peoples, and their symbolism. A constantly evolving line where the geometric and the organic merge.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 In this exhibition, some of her masks will be presented in different mediums and forms such as wood, paper, canvas, ceramics, earrings, lamps... a glimpse into her inner world and what she loves to do the most.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 5- Nettie Burnett / Me: ander(ing)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The exhibition \'ab me: ander(ing) is a retrospective of Nettie Burnett\'92s artwork\cb1 \
\cb3 Meandering\cb1 \
\cb3 Like a river-\cb1 \
\cb3 through Life.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Picking up random ideas and objects to create visual artifice.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 6- Pierre Linz / PIZZICAO\cb1 \
\
\cb3 In the captivating world of contemporary art, it is rare to encounter an artist whose vitality and passion seem boundless.\cb1 \
\cb3 we embark to discover Pierre Linz, a truly unique plastic artist who, at the age of 80, still overflows with energy. Through his remarkable journey and boundless creativity, he offers us a living testimony of the paper/cardboard expression that transcends time.\cb1 \
\cb3 The encounter with Pierre Linz proves to us that art knows no age and that life can be a canvas in constant evolution.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 7-Mathilde Cudeville & Pauline Letang /  LA PASSAGERE\cb1 \
\
\cb3  It was on May 28th of 2022, saturday morning, in a Parisian caf\'e9, Place Saint Ferdinand\'85\cb1 \
\cb3 A meeting between two women, Mathilde and Pauline.\cb1 \
\cb3 A meeting between photography and poetry, between Porto and Paris.\cb1 \
\cb3 A meeting of two familiar souls, with sensibilities and mixed arts.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Then, from this moment of grace, out of time, between dream and reality, was born the desire to realize a common work:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'ab La Passag\'e8re \'bb.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 At 50 yold, I feel like I'm on the threshold, I have no choice but to be myself.\cb1 \
\cb3 I feel a need, a crazy urgency to free myself from pretense and shackles,\cb1 \
\cb3 to awaken sleeping parts of my being, to seize this vertiginous freedom of Being\cb1 \
\cb3 fully, to re-discover my soul.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 \'ab La Passag\'e8re \'bb is the artistic, photographic and poetic expression of this journey towards the soul, this primordial Breath, this initial Desire, this intimate feeling of an authentic uniqueness and a possible unity.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Pauline\cb1 \
\
\cb3 8- Ayala Braidman / DESERT\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The exhibition "Desert" unveils the culmination of Ayala Braidman's year-long journey from her homeland to Portugal. Crafted during this transformative period, the artworks draw inspiration from the desert landscapes of her childhood, distinct from Porto's environment. The textures and color palette mirror the dry terrain, capturing its essence.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 For Braidman, the desert signifies a fusion of personal experiences and a universal theme\'97a space inviting inner exploration and spiritual enlightenment. This exhibition marks Braidman\'92s debut solo show in Portugal.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Ayala Braidman (b. 1992, Israel) is a designer and artist, currently residing and working in Porto.\cb1 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}